ok let's demonstrate how is the adjustment
for the thickness of this this kind of
machine that is what we are going to do if
we want slimming
what we're going to see the following
we loose the nuts
we loosened both nuts
we loosened that is against nut also
Y
we move this screw so that it advances
forward a little bit nothing more some
quarter back one third turn if
perhaps not to lose weight a lot and
that is going to burst
then we move towards
clockwise so that the screw
semeta
and once done that we return to
to tight
the little nut
we press this
two nuts
this setting
here it is very rare to be done but
to prove it and if on the contrary
we want
and open the plate
the plant that
in this lower part
what we do is remove it
here we loose the Turkish counter is
we loosened the nut
as we see the screw towards the
inverse in counterclockwise direction why
the sum wax is removed we press
it is very little that really moves
again
we squeeze
I already approved and we knocked on the door
and we are going to pull the one so that it stops the sum
will be in the tournament then already after
that nothing mix we go back to
to press that we do not forget because
then it will be moving us
and the simplest thing is up here the
thickness what are we going to do what
same
I speak camos is against nut
and what we are going to do is say
if we want to thin the tortilla
What are we going to do?
screws there it closed completely not
it must be completely closed
let's say we 're going to water it we give it
although I was a little open
why
I 'm not going to burst the tortilla very
important
with everything we do
and what we did was close it to
lose weight
must be a little open nothing more
if on the contrary what we want to be
what we want is to swell the tortilla
or take out gorditas
the screws
put them so that the iron
it was opening was and what day is more
open
and it opened
if we put the screws it opens if the
we take out
close the iron
since when we make the adjustment
again that we never forget
to affect
that's all